# Code Review

## Software Development Life Cycle

Requirement Gathering → Analysis → Desgin → Coding → Testing → Operations

**AGILE**

Requirements → Design → Development → Testing → Deployment → Review

## Code Conventions

**Code Convention** is set of guidelines for a specific programming language that recommend programming style, and methods for each aspect of a program written in that language.

**구성 요소**

- file organization
- indentation
- comments
- declarations
- statements
- white space
- naming conventions
- programming practices, principles and rules of thumb, etc.

## Code Review

Code Review is careful systematic study of source code by people who are not the original author of the code.

**Finding issues prior to go to the repo**

- Committers motivation (pride)
- Sharing knowledge
- Consistency in a code base
- Legibility
- Accidental errors
- Structural errors
- Compliance

### What to review

- **Correct Syntax**
    - Indentation
    - Alignment
    - Removing non-useful comments
- **Grammer / Naming**
    - Spelling mistakes
    - Correct English
    - Variable, Function, Method names
- **Duplicate Code** 중복 코드
    - DRY(Don’t Repeat your self) 원칙 지키기
    - Maintaining duplicate code is hard
- **Technical Quality**
    - Code Logic
    - Cond conventions
        - Follow the project conventions for style/naming
    - Is it possible to condense code?
    - Security vulnerabilities
- Error Handling
    - Are exception being captured/treated correctly?
    - Human readable messages being displayed
- Test coverage / Unit tests

Code review is a learning experince.

### Why do we code review?

We can save time by code review.

- Knowledge Transfer
    - Newcomers can learn
    - Team members can receive new information
- Team awwareness
    - Sharing and updating the team with news and changes
- share code ownership
    - The code with more people knowledgeable.